[Outlook] (tutorial) Fix ModuleNotFoundError (#3270)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/develop-add-ins-vscode.md

---

> title: Develop Office Add-ins with Visual Studio Code
> description: 'How to develop Office Add-ins with Visual Studio Code.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Develop Office Add-ins with Visual Studio Code
description: How to develop Office Add-ins with Visual Studio Code.
```
